well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again so today we're going to
talk about what you can do get a little
rule 303 going on if you have the means
you have the responsibility this is not
something that everybody's going to be
able to do because not everybody has the
means it wouldn't be advisable for
everybody to do this but some people can
everybody wants to contribute right now
and we're going to talk about a way that
you can something that you can do a lot
of you have contributed even if you
don't know it just through participating
in this channel you know watching the
videos and participating in a live
stream you've helped by dial flows and
pressure infusers and all kinds of stuff
is some that I don't you know what it's
for for medical professionals that
that's happened we can't always track
down all of the manufactured stuff that
they need that's not something that
we're able to do there's a shortage
there's an old army saying old military
saying if you're short of everything
except for the opposition you're in
combat I guess the new healthcare saying
is that if you're short of everything
but patience you're in a pandemic and
that's where they're at they have
shortages one of the things that they
need that there is a critical need of is
blood products because of the
prohibitions and the advice against
having large groups of people together a
lot of blood drives got cancelled now
the Red Cross is still taking donations
they're still doing it they've according
to their website they've enacted some
more precautions which would seem
advisable and you can go to their
website look at the eligibility make
sure that you meet it you know if you've
had overseas travel there's a lot of
things that can prohibit you from
helping in this manner some of you may
not be in a situation where it would be
advisable for you to leave your house so
don't this is for those who can
this is for those that have the means to
participate in to help in this manner
they're still taking they're still
taking donations they've added some
precautions as far as disinfecting and
stuff like that and they desperately
need the products we all have it so if
it's something you can do get out there
you know go do it
it's your selfie post it on Instagram
and you know help in that way especially
if you are a universal donor that they
desperately need you guys a lot so we
all want to help we're in a global
battle and we all have to pitch in this
is one way that some people can help so
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night